Implement Apache Httpd log receivers (#213)
GoogleCloudPlatform/ops-agent: docs/apache.md

# `apache_access` and `apache_error` Logging Receivers

## Configuration

To configure a receiver for your apache access logs, specify the following fields:

| Field                 | Default                       | Description |
| ---                   | ---                           | ---         |
| `type`                | required                      | Must be `apache_access`. |

> | `include_paths`       | `[/var/log/apache2/access.log]` | The log files to read. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `include_paths`       | `[/var/log/apache2/access.log]` | A list of filesystem paths to read by tailing each file. A wild card (`*`) can be used in the paths; for example, `/var/log/apache*/*.log`.
```

> | `exclude_paths`       | `[]`                          | Log files to exclude (if `include_paths` contains a glob or directory). |

Author: We could link to `https://docs.fluentbit.io/manual/pipeline/inputs/tail#config` where this parameter is directly applied, but even that documentation only states "common wildcards". I'm not sure what the best documentation to provide would be here.

> | `exclude_paths`       | `[]`                          | Log files to exclude (if `include_paths` contains a glob or directory). |

Reviewer: For consistency, let's follow the `files` receiver: 
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5287526/135682746-d20f7533-e862-4af0-932b-1a29ad02153d.png)

> | `exclude_paths`       | `[]`                          | Log files to exclude (if `include_paths` contains a glob or directory). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `exclude_paths`       | `[]`                          | A list of filesystem path patterns to exclude from the set matched by `include_paths`.
```
